Adds a warning to the classic page to direct users to the news (#749)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/circulars/classic.mdx

import { validSubjectKeywords } from './circulars.lib'

<div className="usa-alert usa-alert--warning">
  <div className="usa-alert__body">
    <p className="usa-alert__text">
      This page will be updated on April 17, 2023. See [news and
      announcements](/news) for more information.
    </p>
  </div>

> </div>

Reviewer: Use the react-uswds Alert component here.

Author: Updated in latest commit

To receive or submit to this GCN Circular list, you must first be added to the vetted list. The purpose is to prevent spam and other unwanted messages. Incoming emails from an address that is not part of the list will be rejected.

> You can request access through the [sign up page](https://gcn.gsfc.nasa.gov/gcn_circ_signup.html). There are no restrictions to being added to the list. It is recommended that you contact the [GCN Team](https://heasarc.gsfc.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/Feedback?selected=kafkagcn).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can request access through the [sign up page](https://gcn.gsfc.nasa.gov/gcn_circ_signup.html). There are no restrictions to being added to the list. It is recommended that you contact the [GCN Team](/contact?service=gcn-classic).
```
